Docs: Document the warning about the JSON-to-JSONP auto-promotion (#447)
jquery/jquery-migrate: warnings.md

**Cause:** jQuery 3.5.0 changed the way it processes HTML strings. Previously, jQuery would attempt to fix self-closed tags like `<i class="test" />` that the HTML5 specification says are not self-closed, turning it into `<i class="test"></i>`. This processing can create a [security problem](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2020-11022) with malicious strings, so the functionality had to be removed.

**Solution:** Search for the reported HTML strings and edit the tags to close them explicitly. In some cases the strings passed to jQuery may be created inside the program and thus not searchable. Migrate warning messages include a stack trace that can be used to find the location of the usage in the code.

### JQMIGRATE: JSON-to-JSONP auto-promotion is deprecated

> **Cause:** `jQuery.ajax` calls with `dataType: 'json'` with a provided callback are automatically converted by jQuery to JSONP requests unless one also specified `jsonp: false`. Auto-promoting JSON requests to JSONP ones introduces a security risk as the developer may be unaware they're not just downloading data but executing code from a remote domain. This auto-promoting behavior is deprecated and will be gone in jQuery 4.0.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Cause:** `jQuery.ajax` calls with `dataType: 'json'` with a provided callback are automatically converted by jQuery to JSONP requests unless the options also specify `jsonp: false`. Auto-promoting JSON requests to JSONP introduces a security risk as the developer may be unaware they're not just downloading data but executing code from a remote domain. This auto-promoting behavior is deprecated and will be removed in jQuery 4.0.0.
```
